Jehovah's people have always been open to applying new technologies to various aspects of our worship.
Today, Jehovah has blessed us with a great variety of Bible research tools that help us in the ministry and in our personal study.
Until recently, most of our publications were available mainly in printed form and will continue to use printed material in our ministry.
But now, most of what we publish is also in digital format, accessible at our fingertips on mobile phones, tablets and computers.
Much of this technology is dynamic, constantly changing and improving.
So we're continually alert to adapt to new developments and update our tools as needed.
At the 2018 Annual Meeting, the governing body announced the future consolidation of our three major websites into one, with the Combined Content also available in our JW Library app.
This is a huge effort that will take several years to complete.
Still, we're happy to report on our progress so far and share some of our plans for the future.
We've redesigned the JW.org homepage to make it more inviting to the public.
JW Broadcasting, with its many hundreds of videos, is now part of the library section of JW.org.
The JW Library app now has content previously available only on the website.
Also, all of the publications available in Watchtower Library are now available in the JW Library app and on Watchtower Online Library.
With so much content available, how can you find the articles or videos you're looking for?
The consolidated search feature on JW.org can help.
For example, if you want to learn more about Brother Harold King, who was imprisoned for his faith, type his name in the JW.org search box.
That one search will provide you with a list of everything we've published on our website about Brother King, including any videos.
Many of you enjoyed the search features of Watchtower Library.
They're especially helpful when researching specific scriptures.
You'll be happy to know that we plan to add similar search features to JW.org and to the JW Library app.
In time, with JW.org and the JW Library app becoming such comprehensive research tools, we'll phase out Watchtower Online Library and Watchtower Library.
Many of you prefer to use the JW Library app for personal study, as well as in the ministry.
Perhaps you've noticed that we recently added a feature so that you can share digital publications directly from the JW Library app.
Whether or not the recipient has downloaded the app.
Yes, you can now send the publications link by text or email, allowing the recipient to access the information directly from JW.org.
How does this share feature work?
Go to the article or video in the JW Library app, click Share, and send the link by means of a text or email.
When the person clicks the link, he's taken to the same article or video on the website.
There's no question that Jehovah is providing us with the tools we need to strengthen our faith and accomplish our ministry on a global scale.
With the use of modern technology, we're able to publish content in about 1,000 languages, including those spoken by small populations.
Surely what we see today reminds us of what the Apostle John saw in vision.
He wrote in Revelation 14 verse 6,
And I saw another angel flying in mid-Heaven, and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth to every nation and tribe and tongue and people.
For the Apostle, this was a miraculous vision.
Today, we might call this a miraculous reality.
It's our great honor to work with Jehovah and his angels in declaring everlasting good news to every nation, tribe, tongue, and people.